What is Love?. What is love? I do not mean the song by… | by Taylor Chism | MediumOpen in appSign upSign inWriteSign upSign inWhat is Love?Taylor Chism·Follow6 min read·Mar 11, 2019--ListenShareWhat is love? I do not mean the song by Haddaway, I mean the feeling of love. What exactly is love? How do you know if you are in love? These are questions I have wondered.I am not asking this question to ask what it feels to be in love, but rather what exactly is love to me. I have told someone before I loved him. I would not say I rushed into saying the three words “I love you,” in fact I was not the first person to say it. However after I was told I love you I said it right back. It was the first time I said it to someone and really meant it. I had told a previous boyfriend I love you, but I did not understand those words. When I said it again I said it, because I cared a lot. I thought the feelings I had was love. The word love was thrown around early in the relationship, about 2 months or so into the relationship. At the beginning of a relationship both people are so infatuated with each other that the feeling can seem like love. However there are times when that feeling cannot stay and that “love” seems to fade away.Merriam-Webster dictionary gives three definitions for love. The first definition is a feeling of strong or constant affection for a person, which goes along with the second definition of attraction that includes sexual desire: the strong affection felt by people who have a romantic relationship. The last definition is a person you love in a romantic way. These definition are just words, but do they really encompass the meaning of love?The dictionary is not the only place that talks about the meaning of love. The bible discusses love. In 1 Corinthians 13:4–8 talks about how love is perfect in every way possible. It is not mean and it is not hurtful, but pure. The bible talks about love as the only thing that matters. Without love nothing else matters, it doesn’t matter if you are a good person if you cannot be open to love.As I have been writing this I have gone through a whole spectrum of emotions from happiness to anger to sadness. Now you may ask how is that possible, the definition and meaning to love is a strong feeling and pure. Well love like anything in the real world is not as perfect as a definition is.One day I was sitting in church listening to the scripture being read. I realize the scripture was about love and not just about Jesus’s love for us, but about real love. Love between one another. The pastor had a lesson after the scripture was read and he delved into the types of love. At this point I was very interested. I mean isn’t there only one love. As in you meet a man or woman, depending on who you are, and you talk and get closer and closer. Eventually that leads to love, which leads to marriage. That was the love I thought he was going to talk about. He started talking about the six different types of love. He started with Eros love; this is the love that we all think of. Eros is the romantic love that humans thrive to have. Eros is not the only type of love that the pastor mentioned. He also talked about Ludus love, which is not like Eros. Ludus is uncommitted love. After that he also discussed Storge love that is from friendship. A long relationship with someone can be considered under this type of love. The next love he discussed was Pragma, which isn’t as beautiful as Eros. This love is mutually beneficial relationship one. This love reminds me of many people in history who got married for position rather than love. For me this love seems like a sad existence. An example of this that comes to my mind is King Henry VIII and Queen Catherine. They did not love each other at the start and I wonder if there was ever-true love in this relationship. Since everyone knows Henry VIII went on to have 5 more wives after Queen Catherine. His marriages were all Pragma love. He may have loved some of the women, but his wants from a woman was to give him a son. This is how Pragma works. After Pragma there is Mania, which is a scary type of love in my opinion. This love is the obsessive or stalkerish type. This is one love you wouldn’t want to have. This is love that is shown in the television show You. The last love he talked about was my favorite Agape love. Agape is rare, but beautiful. It is selfless and caring. It is the love that is mentioned in 1 Corinthians 13:4–8. It is a love that many strive for. It is pure. It is a love that I strive to have.I have researched people’s views of love. Many think that romantic love or Eros love will conquer anything. I do not want to sound like a cynic, but romance does not conquer it all. As I mentioned at the beginning of this, I said, “I love you,” to a boy and thought that the romance was strong enough for anything that came our way. In reality neither of us knew anything, but romance. That romance only lasts as long as the flame of the “honeymoon stage” lasts. We had many obstacles starting at the very beginning. If it was true and pure we could have made it through. However what we had was infatuation, but not true love. When things got hard the relationship suffered. That is true with having only romance in a relationship. When both people are selfish the love that both people have cannot survive. People think that no matter what, love will get you through it all. In reality this does not work. This way of thinking can lead to an emotional roller coaster. I see people blaming themselves when things do not work out. Love is not a one-way street, but rather it takes two people. I was one of those people who thought love would fix all the problems. I thought saying those three words would fix everything. It fixed nothing. It did not and would never work. Romance is not love and will not make a relationship work if there is no commitment. Love is more than romance. Love in a relationship should be commitment with romance. Love is more than a feeling; it is a decision.So what is love? Love is complicated to define. It is powerful. The word might be complicated to define, but the decision of love is not complicated, but pure. Love is just not a feeling. You may love someone, but that does not mean they love you back. Love is commitment and it takes two people for that commitment.I wrote this; because I have heard from the people I care about how they love someone who no longer loves them. I see that it hurts them. I have been there. Love should be uncomplicated. The last time I told someone I loved them they did not say it back. They said that they did not love me anymore. After writing this and researching love I believe you cannot fall out of love. If you do not love someone anymore than you never truly loved him or her. You were in lust with them and cared for them, but never loved them. Thinking back I cannot say if I truly loved someone to the point of Agape love. I had strong feelings. By the dictionary definition it is love. But again what exactly is love? I have not told someone since then that I loved him or her. I take the three words; I love you, very serious. Love is not a word that should be thrown around. It is the last piece of a person they can be given. It leaves us vulnerable. Yet when it is said to the right person it is beautiful.As of now I will continue to think about what love means to me. I do not mean love for friends or for family; I mean love towards someone I am romantically involved with. I will continue to strive for Agape love. Being selfless is better than being selfish. For me love is pure and never complicated. Life might get hard, but love should not be hard.“The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and to let it come in.” ~Morrie SchwartzLoveRelationshipsSignificant OtherAgape----FollowWritten by Taylor Chism8 FollowersFollowHelpStatusAboutCareersPressBlogPrivacyTermsText to speechTeams

























